I have designed my submission using the data from the UK voter registration performance dashboard to reflect trends in voter registration numbers from 2024. The plots that I have included show these trends on a population level, as well as broken down by age group. In creating these graphics, I referred to the sections of the style guide on colours of graphs and charts, and fonts for titles, labels, and call outs on them. The sections of the style guide regarding the usage of Miller fonts for headlines and body text, including the drop capital start letters, are also relevant to my submission. 
All the colours within the graphics meet the style guidelines, as do the Gotham fonts for the titles, subtitles, and callouts. On both the total registration and registrations by age group line graphs, I have included callouts in the appropriate black boxes with white text and pointers to the relevant points on the graphs. In the pie chart breakdown of age demographics of voter registrations in 2024, I have included labels outside the circle indicating which age group is represented by each slice. However, I have not included the segment pointers in this image. 
Given the assistance of the magazine’s team I would add pointers to the pie chart connecting the text labels to the associated slices of the pie. Additionally, I would ideally space the labels on the pie chart further apart from one another to improve readability. Finally, I would adjust the pie chart and the line graph showing the different age groups to make their relationship clearer. I have followed the colours in the style guideline for each but making them coincide might make the connection between the two more apparent to the viewer. 
